[Durable Objects] Change DO error handling docs to advise always retrying (#14193)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/durable-objects/reference/error-handling.md

## Example

> Any uncaught exceptions thrown by your code within a Durable Object’s `fetch()` handler or `constructor` method will be propagated to the caller’s `fetch()` call. Catching these exceptions allows you to retry creating the DO stub and sending the request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any uncaught exceptions thrown by your code within a Durable Object’s `fetch()` handler or `constructor` method will be propagated to the caller’s `fetch()` call. Catching these exceptions allows you to retry creating the Durable Object stub and sending the request:
```

```ts
export interface Env {
  ErrorThrowingObject: DurableObjectNamespace;
}

async function makeRequest(env: Env, id: DurableObjectId) {

>   // We create the DO stub here because certain types of errors will break

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Create the Durable Object stub here, because certain types of errors will break
```

>   // the DO stub, so we need to create it here to re-create the stub when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // the Durable Object stub, so you need to create it here to re-create the stub when
```

>   // this function is called in our retry logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // this function is called in your retry logic.
```

  const doStub = env.ErrorThrowingObject.get(id);
  const resp = await doStub.fetch("http://your-do/");

  return Response.json(resp);
}

export default {
  async fetch(
    req: Request,
    env: Env,
    ctx: ExecutionContext
  ): Promise<Response> {
    let userId = new URL(req.url).searchParams.get("userId") || "";
    const id = env.ErrorThrowingObject.idFromName(userId);
    // Try sending the request
    try {
      return await makeRequest(env, id);
    } catch (e: any) {
      // Retry logic for sending the request.
      // It is recommended you retry requests to your Durable Object as long
      // as the operation in your Durable Object is idempotent.
      try {
	      return await makeRequest(env, id);
      } catch (e: any) {

>         // Retry still didn't work, now it's time to return an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Retry still did not work, therefore return an error.
```
